["Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.",
"What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.",
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.",
"What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.",
"Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.",
"Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.",
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.",
"What do you get when you cross a snowman and a dog? Frostbite.",
"Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.",
"Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.",
"Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.",
"Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.",
"What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.",
"Why did the cookie go to the doctor? Because it felt crumby.",
"What kind of music do mummies listen to? Wrap music.",
"Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.",
"Why was the broom late? It swept in.",
"Why did the computer go to the doctor? It caught a virus.",
"What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.",
"What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop.",
"Why did the man fall into the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.",
"What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.",
"Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired.",
"What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.",
"What’s brown and sticky? A stick.",
"What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.",
"Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish.",
"Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.",
"What did one hat say to the other? Stay here, I’m going on ahead.",
"Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.",
"What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.",
"Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.",
"What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.",
"Why did the scarecrow become a successful motivational speaker? He was outstanding in his field.",
"What’s black and white and read all over? A newspaper.",
"Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks.",
"Why was the math teacher suspicious of the graph? It seemed a little sketchy.",
"Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.",
"What do you call a magic dog? A labracadabrador.",
"Why do fish live in saltwater? Because pepper makes them sneeze.",
"Why did the golfer bring extra socks? In case he got a hole in one.",
"Why was the computer cold? It left its Windows open.",
"What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybee.",
"What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.",
"Why did the man run around his bed? Because he wanted to catch up on his sleep.",
"Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake.",
"What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.",
"Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.",
"What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.",
"Why was the music teacher arrested? Because she got caught with treble.",
"What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.",
"What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.",
"Why did the banana go to the party? Because it was a-peeling.",
"What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.",
"Why don’t skeletons ever start a fight? Because they don’t have the guts.",
"Why did the bicycle collapse? It was two-tired.",
"Why don’t trees take tests? They always get stumped.",
"Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.",
"Why can’t a leopard hide? Because it’s always spotted.",
"What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.",
"Why did the math book go to therapy? It had too many problems.",
"Why did the cookie cry? Because its mother was a wafer so long.",
"Why do ghosts love elevators? It lifts their spirits.",
"What’s a skeleton’s least favorite room in the house? The living room.",
"Why did the barber win the race? Because he took a shortcut.",
"Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to the other side.",
"Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.",
"What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.",
"What do you call a fish wearing a crown? King Neptune.",
"Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.",
"Why was the math book so sad? It had too many problems.",
"What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey!",
"Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.",
"What’s red and bad for your teeth? A brick.",
"Why did the farmer win an award? He was outstanding in his field.",
"Why don’t fish play basketball? Because they’re afraid of the net.",
"Why don’t elephants use computers? They’re afraid of the mouse.",
"What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.",
"Why don’t ants get sick? Because they have tiny ant-bodies.",
"Why did the banker switch careers? He lost interest.",
"What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.",
"Why do bananas never feel lonely? Because they hang out in bunches.",
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.",
"Why don’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.",
"What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.",
"Why was the belt arrested? For holding up a pair of pants.",
"What do you call a singing computer? Adele.",
"Why did the math teacher cross the road? To get to the other sine.",
"What’s brown, hairy, and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation.",
"Why did the clock go to therapy? It was feeling second-hand stress.",
"Why was the cat sitting on the computer? To keep an eye on the mouse.",
"Why did the orange stop? Because it ran out of juice.",
"What did one plate say to the other? Dinner’s on me.",
"Why don’t we ever tell secrets on a farm? Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears.",
"What’s a vampire’s favorite fruit? A blood orange.",
"Why was the broom late? It swept in.",
"What’s a snake’s favorite subject? Hiss-tory.",
"Why did the firefly get bad grades in school? Because it wasn’t very bright.",
"Why did the mushroom go to the party? Because he was a fungi.",
"What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree."]